[Singing.]
The singing boys, that's what's the matter with the church today.
Ask that liar, morning fame.
Ask that liar, jump and flame.
That's that liar, the reason why.
He says the people in the church are lying as well as I.
Oh, Lord of Zion, oh, my heaven, oh.
He was hanging, boys.
That's what's the matter with the church today.
Ask that gambler, morning's fame. Ask that gambler, jump and flame.
Ask that gambler, the reason why.
He says the people in the church are gambling as well as I.
Oh, Lord of Zion, oh, my heaven, oh.
Oh, Lord, keep a singing, boys.
That's what's the matter with the church today.
Ask that drunk, morning fame.
Ask that drunk, jump and flame.
As they're drunk, reason why.
He says, the people in the church drink as well as I.
Oh, Lord of Zion, oh, my heaven, oh.
Keep us hanging, boys.
That's what's the matter with the church.